[Music]
how to eat right for your body type all
body types are unique and beautiful but
have you ever wondered why people store
fat in certain parts of their body
some people gain weight around their
midsection and others around their hips
and thighs when you start eating right
for your body shape you'll be amazed at
how quickly your body will adapt to the
new diet watch till the end to
understand which foods work best for you
so you can lose weight faster rectangle
if you have narrow hips and an undefined
waist you have a rectangle body shape
although you are less likely to gain
weight you should incorporate foods with
healthy fats avocado almonds and salmon
and plant sized proteins into your diet
remember that no matter how thin you are
it's still important to eat healthy
do not eat too many sweets and fast food
also you should avoid carbonated drinks
salted nuts and bakery products drink at
least 2 liters of mineral water daily
the interval between breakfast lunch and
dinner should be about 4 hours
Apple if this is your body type you tend
to gain weight in your midsection
therefore the perfect diet for you is
eating little and often eat six times a
day but reduce your portions you need
foods rich in fiber fruits vegetables
vitamin C and low fat dairy
if you eat yogurts make sure they are
those that help regulate your digestion
you should avoid foods that generate gas
and swelling such as fast food bread and
certain vegetables for instance
cauliflower broccoli Brussels sprouts
and cabbage also you should reduce the
amount of carbs in your diet it's the
basic rule for your body pair a
pear-shaped body is characterized by a
much larger hip measurement than bust
measurement if you have this body shape
you tend to gain weight around the hips
and thighs and may experience water
retention go with meat fish eggs dairy
products seafood greens and foods with
high protein content also add tomatoes
and tomato juice to your diet to boost
your metabolism naturally fruits like
watermelon or pineapple are great for
you as they cleanse your body by
removing toxins that are slowing down
your metabolism combine them with good
herbal teas like green tea avoid high
sodium foods in other words reduce your
salt intake and also avoid refined foods
such as bread noodles and rice simply
replace them with whole foods
our glass while this is the most desired
body shape hourglass figured women tend
to gain weight evenly throughout their
body and lack muscle tone you run more
risk of having high levels of blood
sugar so it's better to choose foods
with the low glycemic index and need
five to six small meals a day eat more
fresh fruits and vegetables and consume
healthy fats from lean proteins avoid
refined foods white bread noodles and
rice you can replace them with whole
foods if you want to lose weight faster
remove sweets products made with white
flour dried fruits and nuts from your
diet so what is your body type what do
you usually do to stay in shape share
your thoughts in the comments below
don't forget to hit the like button and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
you